README.md, before:

# skills

The CLI for the open agent skills ecosystem.

<!-- agent-list:start -->
Supports **OpenCode**, **Claude Code**, **Codex**, **Cursor**, and [32 more](#available-agents).
<!-- agent-list:end -->

## Install a Skill

```bash
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills
```

### Source Formats

```bash
# GitHub shorthand (owner/repo)
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills

# Full GitHub URL
npx skills add https://github.com/vercel-labs/agent-skills

# Direct path to a skill in a repo
npx skills add https://github.com/vercel-labs/agent-skills/tree/main/skills/web-design-guidelines

# GitLab URL
npx skills add https://gitlab.com/org/repo

# Any git URL
npx skills add git@github.com:vercel-labs/agent-skills.git

# Local path
npx skills add ./my-local-skills
```

### Options

| Option                    | Description                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-g, --global`            | Install to user directory instead of project                                                                                                       |
| `-a, --agent <agents...>` | <!-- agent-names:start -->Target specific agents (e.g., `claude-code`, `codex`). Use `'*'` for all agents<!-- agent-names:end -->                  |
| `-s, --skill <skills...>` | Install specific skills by name (use `'*'` for all skills)                                                                                         |
| `-l, --list`              | List available skills without installing                                                                                                           |
| `-y, --yes`               | Skip all confirmation prompts                                                                                                                      |
| `--all`                   | Install all skills to all agents without prompts                                                                                                   |

### Examples

```bash
# List skills in a repository
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --list

# Install specific skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill frontend-design --skill skill-creator

# Install a skill with spaces in the name (must be quoted)
npx skills add owner/repo --skill "Convex Best Practices"

# Install to specific agents
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills -a claude-code -a opencode

# Non-interactive installation (CI/CD friendly)
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill frontend-design -g -a claude-code -y

# Install all skills from a repo to all agents
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --all

# Install all skills to specific agents
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill '*' -a claude-code

# Install specific skills to all agents
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --agent '*' --skill frontend-design
```

### Installation Scope

| Scope       | Flag      | Location            | Use Case                                      |
| ----------- | --------- | ------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| **Project** | (default) | `./<agent>/skills/` | Committed with your project, shared with team |
| **Global**  | `-g`      | `~/<agent>/skills/` | Available across all projects                 |

### Installation Methods

When installing interactively, you can choose:

| Method                    | Description                                                                                 |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Symlink** (Recommended) | Creates symlinks from each agent to a canonical copy. Single source of truth, easy updates. |
| **Copy**                  | Creates independent copies for each agent. Use when symlinks aren't supported.              |

## Other Commands

| Command                      | Description                                             |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `npx skills list`            | List installed skills (alias: `ls`)                     |
| `npx skills find [query]`    | Search for skills interactively or by keyword           |
| `npx skills remove [skills]` | Remove installed skills from agents                     |
| `npx skills check`           | Check for available skill updates                       |
| `npx skills update`          | Update all installed skills to latest versions          |
| `npx skills init [name]`     | Create a new SKILL.md template                          |

### `skills list`

List all installed skills. Similar to `npm ls`.

```bash
# List all installed skills (project and global)
npx skills list

# List only global skills
npx skills ls -g

# Filter by specific agents
npx skills ls -a claude-code -a cursor
```

### `skills find`

Search for skills interactively or by keyword.

```bash
# Interactive search (fzf-style)
npx skills find

# Search by keyword
npx skills find typescript
```

### `skills check` / `skills update`

```bash
# Check if any installed skills have updates
npx skills check

# Update all skills to latest versions
npx skills update
```

### `skills init`

```bash
# Create SKILL.md in current directory
npx skills init

# Create a new skill in a subdirectory
npx skills init my-skill
```

### `skills remove`

Remove installed skills from agents.

```bash
# Remove interactively (select from installed skills)
npx skills remove

# Remove specific skill by name
npx skills remove web-design-guidelines

# Remove multiple skills
npx skills remove frontend-design web-design-guidelines

# Remove from global scope
npx skills remove --global web-design-guidelines

# Remove from specific agents only
npx skills remove --agent claude-code cursor my-skill

# Remove all installed skills without confirmation
npx skills remove --all

# Remove all skills from a specific agent
npx skills remove --skill '*' -a cursor

# Remove a specific skill from all agents
npx skills remove my-skill --agent '*'

# Use 'rm' alias
npx skills rm my-skill
```

| Option              | Description                                          |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `-g, --global`      | Remove from global scope (~/) instead of project      |
| `-a, --agent`       | Remove from specific agents (use `'*'` for all)      |
| `-s, --skill`       | Specify skills to remove (use `'*'` for all)         |
| `-y, --yes`         | Skip confirmation prompts                            |
| `--all`             | Shorthand for `--skill '*' --agent '*' -y`           |

## What are Agent Skills?

Agent skills are reusable instruction sets that extend your coding agent's capabilities. They're defined in `SKILL.md`
files with YAML frontmatter containing a `name` and `description`.

Skills let agents perform specialized tasks like:

- Generating release notes from git history
- Creating PRs following your team's conventions
- Integrating with external tools (Linear, Notion, etc.)

Discover skills at **[skills.sh](https://skills.sh)**

## Supported Agents

Skills can be installed to any of these agents:

<!-- supported-agents:start -->

| Agent              | `--agent`         | Project Path           | Global Path                            |
| ------------------ | ----------------- | ---------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| Amp, Kimi Code CLI | `amp`, `kimi-cli` | `.agents/skills/`      | `~/.config/agents/skills/`             |
| Antigravity        | `antigravity`     | `.agent/skills/`       | `~/.gemini/antigravity/global_skills/` |
| Claude Code        | `claude-code`     | `.claude/skills/`      | `~/.claude/skills/`                    |
| Moltbot            | `moltbot`         | `skills/`              | `~/.moltbot/skills/`                   |
| Cline              | `cline`           | `.cline/skills/`       | `~/.cline/skills/`                     |
| CodeBuddy          | `codebuddy`       | `.codebuddy/skills/`   | `~/.codebuddy/skills/`                 |
| Codex              | `codex`           | `.codex/skills/`       | `~/.codex/skills/`                     |
| Command Code       | `command-code`    | `.commandcode/skills/` | `~/.commandcode/skills/`               |
| Continue           | `continue`        | `.continue/skills/`    | `~/.continue/skills/`                  |
| Crush              | `crush`           | `.crush/skills/`       | `~/.config/crush/skills/`              |
| Cursor             | `cursor`          | `.cursor/skills/`      | `~/.cursor/skills/`                    |
| Droid              | `droid`           | `.factory/skills/`     | `~/.factory/skills/`                   |
| Gemini CLI         | `gemini-cli`      | `.gemini/skills/`      | `~/.gemini/skills/`                    |
| GitHub Copilot     | `github-copilot`  | `.github/skills/`      | `~/.copilot/skills/`                   |
| Goose              | `goose`           | `.goose/skills/`       | `~/.config/goose/skills/`              |
| Junie              | `junie`           | `.junie/skills/`       | `~/.junie/skills/`                     |
| Kilo Code          | `kilo`            | `.kilocode/skills/`    | `~/.kilocode/skills/`                  |
| Kiro CLI           | `kiro-cli`        | `.kiro/skills/`        | `~/.kiro/skills/`                      |
| Kode               | `kode`            | `.kode/skills/`        | `~/.kode/skills/`                      |
| MCPJam             | `mcpjam`          | `.mcpjam/skills/`      | `~/.mcpjam/skills/`                    |
| Mux                | `mux`             | `.mux/skills/`         | `~/.mux/skills/`                       |
| OpenCode           | `opencode`        | `.opencode/skills/`    | `~/.config/opencode/skills/`           |
| OpenHands          | `openhands`       | `.openhands/skills/`   | `~/.openhands/skills/`                 |
| Pi                 | `pi`              | `.pi/skills/`          | `~/.pi/agent/skills/`                  |
| Qoder              | `qoder`           | `.qoder/skills/`       | `~/.qoder/skills/`                     |
| Qwen Code          | `qwen-code`       | `.qwen/skills/`        | `~/.qwen/skills/`                      |
| Replit             | `replit`          | `.agent/skills/`       | N/A (project-only)                     |
| Roo Code           | `roo`             | `.roo/skills/`         | `~/.roo/skills/`                       |
| Trae               | `trae`            | `.trae/skills/`        | `~/.trae/skills/`                      |
| Trae CN            | `trae-cn`         | `.trae/skills/`        | `~/.trae-cn/skills/`                   |
| Windsurf           | `windsurf`        | `.windsurf/skills/`    | `~/.codeium/windsurf/skills/`          |
| Zencoder           | `zencoder`        | `.zencoder/skills/`    | `~/.zencoder/skills/`                  |
| OpenClaude IDE     | `openclaude`      | `.openclaude/skills/`  | `~/.openclaude/skills/`                |
| Neovate            | `neovate`         | `.neovate/skills/`     | `~/.neovate/skills/`                   |
| Pochi              | `pochi`           | `.pochi/skills/`       | `~/.pochi/skills/`                     |

<!-- supported-agents:end -->

> [!NOTE]
> **Kiro CLI users:** After installing skills, manually add them to your custom agent's `resources` in
> `.kiro/agents/<agent>.json`:
>
> ```json
> {
>   "resources": ["skill://.kiro/skills/**/SKILL.md"]
> }
> ```

The CLI automatically detects which coding agents you have installed. If none are detected, you'll be prompted to select
which agents to install to.

## Creating Skills

Skills are directories containing a `SKILL.md` file with YAML frontmatter:

```markdown
---
name: my-skill
description: What this skill does and when to use it
---

# My Skill

Instructions for the agent to follow when this skill is activated.

## When to Use

Describe the scenarios where this skill should be used.

## Steps

1. First, do this
2. Then, do that
```

### Required Fields

- `name`: Unique identifier (lowercase, hyphens allowed)
- `description`: Brief explanation of what the skill does

### Optional Fields

- `metadata.internal`: Set to `true` to hide the skill from normal discovery. Internal skills are only visible and
  installable when `INSTALL_INTERNAL_SKILLS=1` is set. Useful for work-in-progress skills or skills meant only for
  internal tooling.

```markdown
---
name: my-internal-skill
description: An internal skill not shown by default
metadata:
  internal: true
---
```

### Skill Discovery

The CLI searches for skills in these locations within a repository:

<!-- skill-discovery:start -->
- Root directory (if it contains `SKILL.md`)
- `skills/`
- `skills/.curated/`
- `skills/.experimental/`
- `skills/.system/`
- `.agents/skills/`
- `.agent/skills/`
- `.claude/skills/`
- `./skills/`
- `.cline/skills/`
- `.codebuddy/skills/`
- `.codex/skills/`
- `.commandcode/skills/`
- `.continue/skills/`
- `.crush/skills/`
- `.cursor/skills/`
- `.factory/skills/`
- `.gemini/skills/`
- `.github/skills/`
- `.goose/skills/`
- `.junie/skills/`
- `.kilocode/skills/`
- `.kiro/skills/`
- `.kode/skills/`
- `.mcpjam/skills/`
- `.mux/skills/`
- `.opencode/skills/`
- `.openclaude/skills/`
- `.openhands/skills/`
- `.pi/skills/`
- `.qoder/skills/`
- `.qwen/skills/`
- `.roo/skills/`
- `.trae/skills/`
- `.windsurf/skills/`
- `.zencoder/skills/`
- `.neovate/skills/`
- `.pochi/skills/`
<!-- skill-discovery:end -->

If no skills are found in standard locations, a recursive search is performed.

## Compatibility

Skills are generally compatible across agents since they follow a
shared [Agent Skills specification](https://agentskills.io). However, some features may be agent-specific:

| Feature         | OpenCode | OpenHands | Claude Code | Cline | CodeBuddy | Codex | Command Code | Kiro CLI | Cursor | Antigravity | Roo Code | Github Copilot | Amp | Clawdbot | Neovate | Pi  | Qoder | Zencoder |
| --------------- | -------- | --------- | ----------- | ----- | --------- | ----- | ------------ | -------- | ------ | ----------- | -------- | -------------- | --- | -------- | ------- | --- | ----- | -------- |
| Basic skills    | Yes      | Yes       | Yes         | Yes   | Yes       | Yes   | Yes          | Yes      | Yes    | Yes         | Yes      | Yes            | Yes | Yes      | Yes     | Yes | Yes   | Yes      |
| `allowed-tools` | Yes      | Yes       | Yes         | Yes   | Yes       | Yes   | Yes          | No       | Yes    | Yes         | Yes      | Yes            | Yes | Yes      | Yes     | Yes | Yes   | No       |
| `context: fork` | No       | No        | Yes         | No    | No        | No    | No           | No       | No     | No          | No       | No             | No  | No       | No      | No  | No    | No       |
| Hooks           | No       | No        | Yes         | Yes   | No        | No    | No           | No       | No     | No          | No       | No             | No  | No       | No      | No  | No    | No       |

## Troubleshooting

### "No skills found"

Ensure the repository contains valid `SKILL.md` files with both `name` and `description` in the frontmatter.

### Skill not loading in agent

- Verify the skill was installed to the correct path
- Check the agent's documentation for skill loading requirements
- Ensure the `SKILL.md` frontmatter is valid YAML

### Permission errors

Ensure you have write access to the target directory.

## Environment Variables

| Variable                  | Description                                                                |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `INSTALL_INTERNAL_SKILLS` | Set to `1` or `true` to show and install skills marked as `internal: true` |
| `DISABLE_TELEMETRY`       | Set to disable anonymous usage telemetry                                   |
| `DO_NOT_TRACK`            | Alternative way to disable telemetry                                       |

```bash
# Install internal skills
INSTALL_INTERNAL_SKILLS=1 npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --list
```

## Telemetry

This CLI collects anonymous usage data to help improve the tool. No personal information is collected.

Telemetry is automatically disabled in CI environments.

## Related Links

- [Agent Skills Specification](https://agentskills.io)
- [Skills Directory](https://skills.sh)
- [Amp Skills Documentation](https://ampcode.com/manual#agent-skills)
- [Antigravity Skills Documentation](https://antigravity.google/docs/skills)
- [Factory AI / Droid Skills Documentation](https://docs.factory.ai/cli/configuration/skills)
- [Claude Code Skills Documentation](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/skills)
- [Clawdbot Skills Documentation](https://docs.clawd.bot/tools/skills)
- [Cline Skills Documentation](https://docs.cline.bot/features/skills)
- [CodeBuddy Skills Documentation](https://www.codebuddy.ai/docs/ide/Features/Skills)
- [Codex Skills Documentation](https://developers.openai.com/codex/skills)
- [Command Code Skills Documentation](https://commandcode.ai/docs/skills)
- [Crush Skills Documentation](https://github.com/charmbracelet/crush?tab=readme-ov-file#agent-skills)
- [Cursor Skills Documentation](https://cursor.com/docs/context/skills)
- [Gemini CLI Skills Documentation](https://geminicli.com/docs/cli/skills/)
- [GitHub Copilot Agent Skills](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/concepts/agents/about-agent-skills)
- [Kimi Code CLI Skills Documentation](https://moonshotai.github.io/kimi-cli/en/customization/skills.html)
- [Kiro CLI Skills Documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/cli/custom-agents/configuration-reference/#skill-resources)
- [Kode Skills Documentation](https://github.com/shareAI-lab/kode/blob/main/docs/skills.md)
- [OpenCode Skills Documentation](https://opencode.ai/docs/skills)
- [Qwen Code Skills Documentation](https://qwenlm.github.io/qwen-code-docs/en/users/features/skills/)
- [OpenHands Skills Documentation](https://docs.openhands.ai/modules/usage/how-to/using-skills)
- [Pi Skills Documentation](https://github.com/badlogic/pi-mono/blob/main/packages/coding-agent/docs/skills.md)
- [Qoder Skills Documentation](https://docs.qoder.com/cli/Skills)
- [Replit Skills Documentation](https://docs.replit.com/replitai/skills)
- [Roo Code Skills Documentation](https://docs.roocode.com/features/skills)
- [Trae Skills Documentation](https://docs.trae.ai/ide/skills)
- [Vercel Agent Skills Repository](https://github.com/vercel-labs/agent-skills)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: add programmatic API section

README.md, after:

# skills

The CLI for the open agent skills ecosystem.

<!-- agent-list:start -->
Supports **OpenCode**, **Claude Code**, **Codex**, **Cursor**, and [32 more](#available-agents).
<!-- agent-list:end -->

## Install a Skill

```bash
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills
```

### Source Formats

```bash
# GitHub shorthand (owner/repo)
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills

# Full GitHub URL
npx skills add https://github.com/vercel-labs/agent-skills

# Direct path to a skill in a repo
npx skills add https://github.com/vercel-labs/agent-skills/tree/main/skills/web-design-guidelines

# GitLab URL
npx skills add https://gitlab.com/org/repo

# Any git URL
npx skills add git@github.com:vercel-labs/agent-skills.git

# Local path
npx skills add ./my-local-skills
```

### Options

| Option                    | Description                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-g, --global`            | Install to user directory instead of project                                                                                                       |
| `-a, --agent <agents...>` | <!-- agent-names:start -->Target specific agents (e.g., `claude-code`, `codex`). Use `'*'` for all agents<!-- agent-names:end -->                  |
| `-s, --skill <skills...>` | Install specific skills by name (use `'*'` for all skills)                                                                                         |
| `-l, --list`              | List available skills without installing                                                                                                           |
| `-y, --yes`               | Skip all confirmation prompts                                                                                                                      |
| `--all`                   | Install all skills to all agents without prompts                                                                                                   |

### Examples

```bash
# List skills in a repository
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --list

# Install specific skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill frontend-design --skill skill-creator

# Install a skill with spaces in the name (must be quoted)
npx skills add owner/repo --skill "Convex Best Practices"

# Install to specific agents
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills -a claude-code -a opencode

# Non-interactive installation (CI/CD friendly)
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill frontend-design -g -a claude-code -y

# Install all skills from a repo to all agents
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --all

# Install all skills to specific agents
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill '*' -a claude-code

# Install specific skills to all agents
npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --agent '*' --skill frontend-design
```

### Installation Scope

| Scope       | Flag      | Location            | Use Case                                      |
| ----------- | --------- | ------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| **Project** | (default) | `./<agent>/skills/` | Committed with your project, shared with team |
| **Global**  | `-g`      | `~/<agent>/skills/` | Available across all projects                 |

### Installation Methods

When installing interactively, you can choose:

| Method                    | Description                                                                                 |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Symlink** (Recommended) | Creates symlinks from each agent to a canonical copy. Single source of truth, easy updates. |
| **Copy**                  | Creates independent copies for each agent. Use when symlinks aren't supported.              |

## Other Commands

| Command                      | Description                                             |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `npx skills list`            | List installed skills (alias: `ls`)                     |
| `npx skills find [query]`    | Search for skills interactively or by keyword           |
| `npx skills remove [skills]` | Remove installed skills from agents                     |
| `npx skills check`           | Check for available skill updates                       |
| `npx skills update`          | Update all installed skills to latest versions          |
| `npx skills init [name]`     | Create a new SKILL.md template                          |

### `skills list`

List all installed skills. Similar to `npm ls`.

```bash
# List all installed skills (project and global)
npx skills list

# List only global skills
npx skills ls -g

# Filter by specific agents
npx skills ls -a claude-code -a cursor
```

### `skills find`

Search for skills interactively or by keyword.

```bash
# Interactive search (fzf-style)
npx skills find

# Search by keyword
npx skills find typescript
```

### `skills check` / `skills update`

```bash
# Check if any installed skills have updates
npx skills check

# Update all skills to latest versions
npx skills update
```

### `skills init`

```bash
# Create SKILL.md in current directory
npx skills init

# Create a new skill in a subdirectory
npx skills init my-skill
```

### `skills remove`

Remove installed skills from agents.

```bash
# Remove interactively (select from installed skills)
npx skills remove

# Remove specific skill by name
npx skills remove web-design-guidelines

# Remove multiple skills
npx skills remove frontend-design web-design-guidelines

# Remove from global scope
npx skills remove --global web-design-guidelines

# Remove from specific agents only
npx skills remove --agent claude-code cursor my-skill

# Remove all installed skills without confirmation
npx skills remove --all

# Remove all skills from a specific agent
npx skills remove --skill '*' -a cursor

# Remove a specific skill from all agents
npx skills remove my-skill --agent '*'

# Use 'rm' alias
npx skills rm my-skill
```

| Option              | Description                                          |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `-g, --global`      | Remove from global scope (~/) instead of project      |
| `-a, --agent`       | Remove from specific agents (use `'*'` for all)      |
| `-s, --skill`       | Specify skills to remove (use `'*'` for all)         |
| `-y, --yes`         | Skip confirmation prompts                            |
| `--all`             | Shorthand for `--skill '*' --agent '*' -y`           |

## Programmatic API

The `skills` package exports programmatic APIs for installing skills from Node.js applications, CLIs, or build scripts.

### Usage

```typescript
import { installSkill } from 'skills';

await installSkill({
  url: 'vercel-labs/agent-skills',
  skills: ['frontend-design'],
  agents: ['claude-code'],
  global: true,
});
```

### API Reference

See [src/index.ts](src/index.ts) for all exported functions and types.

## What are Agent Skills?

Agent skills are reusable instruction sets that extend your coding agent's capabilities. They're defined in `SKILL.md`
files with YAML frontmatter containing a `name` and `description`.

Skills let agents perform specialized tasks like:

- Generating release notes from git history
- Creating PRs following your team's conventions
- Integrating with external tools (Linear, Notion, etc.)

Discover skills at **[skills.sh](https://skills.sh)**

## Supported Agents

Skills can be installed to any of these agents:

<!-- supported-agents:start -->

| Agent              | `--agent`         | Project Path           | Global Path                            |
| ------------------ | ----------------- | ---------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| Amp, Kimi Code CLI | `amp`, `kimi-cli` | `.agents/skills/`      | `~/.config/agents/skills/`             |
| Antigravity        | `antigravity`     | `.agent/skills/`       | `~/.gemini/antigravity/global_skills/` |
| Claude Code        | `claude-code`     | `.claude/skills/`      | `~/.claude/skills/`                    |
| Moltbot            | `moltbot`         | `skills/`              | `~/.moltbot/skills/`                   |
| Cline              | `cline`           | `.cline/skills/`       | `~/.cline/skills/`                     |
| CodeBuddy          | `codebuddy`       | `.codebuddy/skills/`   | `~/.codebuddy/skills/`                 |
| Codex              | `codex`           | `.codex/skills/`       | `~/.codex/skills/`                     |
| Command Code       | `command-code`    | `.commandcode/skills/` | `~/.commandcode/skills/`               |
| Continue           | `continue`        | `.continue/skills/`    | `~/.continue/skills/`                  |
| Crush              | `crush`           | `.crush/skills/`       | `~/.config/crush/skills/`              |
| Cursor             | `cursor`          | `.cursor/skills/`      | `~/.cursor/skills/`                    |
| Droid              | `droid`           | `.factory/skills/`     | `~/.factory/skills/`                   |
| Gemini CLI         | `gemini-cli`      | `.gemini/skills/`      | `~/.gemini/skills/`                    |
| GitHub Copilot     | `github-copilot`  | `.github/skills/`      | `~/.copilot/skills/`                   |
| Goose              | `goose`           | `.goose/skills/`       | `~/.config/goose/skills/`              |
| Junie              | `junie`           | `.junie/skills/`       | `~/.junie/skills/`                     |
| Kilo Code          | `kilo`            | `.kilocode/skills/`    | `~/.kilocode/skills/`                  |
| Kiro CLI           | `kiro-cli`        | `.kiro/skills/`        | `~/.kiro/skills/`                      |
| Kode               | `kode`            | `.kode/skills/`        | `~/.kode/skills/`                      |
| MCPJam             | `mcpjam`          | `.mcpjam/skills/`      | `~/.mcpjam/skills/`                    |
| Mux                | `mux`             | `.mux/skills/`         | `~/.mux/skills/`                       |
| OpenCode           | `opencode`        | `.opencode/skills/`    | `~/.config/opencode/skills/`           |
| OpenHands          | `openhands`       | `.openhands/skills/`   | `~/.openhands/skills/`                 |
| Pi                 | `pi`              | `.pi/skills/`          | `~/.pi/agent/skills/`                  |
| Qoder              | `qoder`           | `.qoder/skills/`       | `~/.qoder/skills/`                     |
| Qwen Code          | `qwen-code`       | `.qwen/skills/`        | `~/.qwen/skills/`                      |
| Replit             | `replit`          | `.agent/skills/`       | N/A (project-only)                     |
| Roo Code           | `roo`             | `.roo/skills/`         | `~/.roo/skills/`                       |
| Trae               | `trae`            | `.trae/skills/`        | `~/.trae/skills/`                      |
| Trae CN            | `trae-cn`         | `.trae/skills/`        | `~/.trae-cn/skills/`                   |
| Windsurf           | `windsurf`        | `.windsurf/skills/`    | `~/.codeium/windsurf/skills/`          |
| Zencoder           | `zencoder`        | `.zencoder/skills/`    | `~/.zencoder/skills/`                  |
| OpenClaude IDE     | `openclaude`      | `.openclaude/skills/`  | `~/.openclaude/skills/`                |
| Neovate            | `neovate`         | `.neovate/skills/`     | `~/.neovate/skills/`                   |
| Pochi              | `pochi`           | `.pochi/skills/`       | `~/.pochi/skills/`                     |

<!-- supported-agents:end -->

> [!NOTE]
> **Kiro CLI users:** After installing skills, manually add them to your custom agent's `resources` in
> `.kiro/agents/<agent>.json`:
>
> ```json
> {
>   "resources": ["skill://.kiro/skills/**/SKILL.md"]
> }
> ```

The CLI automatically detects which coding agents you have installed. If none are detected, you'll be prompted to select
which agents to install to.

## Creating Skills

Skills are directories containing a `SKILL.md` file with YAML frontmatter:

```markdown
---
name: my-skill
description: What this skill does and when to use it
---

# My Skill

Instructions for the agent to follow when this skill is activated.

## When to Use

Describe the scenarios where this skill should be used.

## Steps

1. First, do this
2. Then, do that
```

### Required Fields

- `name`: Unique identifier (lowercase, hyphens allowed)
- `description`: Brief explanation of what the skill does

### Optional Fields

- `metadata.internal`: Set to `true` to hide the skill from normal discovery. Internal skills are only visible and
  installable when `INSTALL_INTERNAL_SKILLS=1` is set. Useful for work-in-progress skills or skills meant only for
  internal tooling.

```markdown
---
name: my-internal-skill
description: An internal skill not shown by default
metadata:
  internal: true
---
```

### Skill Discovery

The CLI searches for skills in these locations within a repository:

<!-- skill-discovery:start -->
- Root directory (if it contains `SKILL.md`)
- `skills/`
- `skills/.curated/`
- `skills/.experimental/`
- `skills/.system/`
- `.agents/skills/`
- `.agent/skills/`
- `.claude/skills/`
- `./skills/`
- `.cline/skills/`
- `.codebuddy/skills/`
- `.codex/skills/`
- `.commandcode/skills/`
- `.continue/skills/`
- `.crush/skills/`
- `.cursor/skills/`
- `.factory/skills/`
- `.gemini/skills/`
- `.github/skills/`
- `.goose/skills/`
- `.junie/skills/`
- `.kilocode/skills/`
- `.kiro/skills/`
- `.kode/skills/`
- `.mcpjam/skills/`
- `.mux/skills/`
- `.opencode/skills/`
- `.openclaude/skills/`
- `.openhands/skills/`
- `.pi/skills/`
- `.qoder/skills/`
- `.qwen/skills/`
- `.roo/skills/`
- `.trae/skills/`
- `.windsurf/skills/`
- `.zencoder/skills/`
- `.neovate/skills/`
- `.pochi/skills/`
<!-- skill-discovery:end -->

If no skills are found in standard locations, a recursive search is performed.

## Compatibility

Skills are generally compatible across agents since they follow a
shared [Agent Skills specification](https://agentskills.io). However, some features may be agent-specific:

| Feature         | OpenCode | OpenHands | Claude Code | Cline | CodeBuddy | Codex | Command Code | Kiro CLI | Cursor | Antigravity | Roo Code | Github Copilot | Amp | Clawdbot | Neovate | Pi  | Qoder | Zencoder |
| --------------- | -------- | --------- | ----------- | ----- | --------- | ----- | ------------ | -------- | ------ | ----------- | -------- | -------------- | --- | -------- | ------- | --- | ----- | -------- |
| Basic skills    | Yes      | Yes       | Yes         | Yes   | Yes       | Yes   | Yes          | Yes      | Yes    | Yes         | Yes      | Yes            | Yes | Yes      | Yes     | Yes | Yes   | Yes      |
| `allowed-tools` | Yes      | Yes       | Yes         | Yes   | Yes       | Yes   | Yes          | No       | Yes    | Yes         | Yes      | Yes            | Yes | Yes      | Yes     | Yes | Yes   | No       |
| `context: fork` | No       | No        | Yes         | No    | No        | No    | No           | No       | No     | No          | No       | No             | No  | No       | No      | No  | No    | No       |
| Hooks           | No       | No        | Yes         | Yes   | No        | No    | No           | No       | No     | No          | No       | No             | No  | No       | No      | No  | No    | No       |

## Troubleshooting

### "No skills found"

Ensure the repository contains valid `SKILL.md` files with both `name` and `description` in the frontmatter.

### Skill not loading in agent

- Verify the skill was installed to the correct path
- Check the agent's documentation for skill loading requirements
- Ensure the `SKILL.md` frontmatter is valid YAML

### Permission errors

Ensure you have write access to the target directory.

## Environment Variables

| Variable                  | Description                                                                |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `INSTALL_INTERNAL_SKILLS` | Set to `1` or `true` to show and install skills marked as `internal: true` |
| `DISABLE_TELEMETRY`       | Set to disable anonymous usage telemetry                                   |
| `DO_NOT_TRACK`            | Alternative way to disable telemetry                                       |

```bash
# Install internal skills
INSTALL_INTERNAL_SKILLS=1 npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --list
```

## Telemetry

This CLI collects anonymous usage data to help improve the tool. No personal information is collected.

Telemetry is automatically disabled in CI environments.

## Related Links

- [Agent Skills Specification](https://agentskills.io)
- [Skills Directory](https://skills.sh)
- [Amp Skills Documentation](https://ampcode.com/manual#agent-skills)
- [Antigravity Skills Documentation](https://antigravity.google/docs/skills)
- [Factory AI / Droid Skills Documentation](https://docs.factory.ai/cli/configuration/skills)
- [Claude Code Skills Documentation](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/skills)
- [Clawdbot Skills Documentation](https://docs.clawd.bot/tools/skills)
- [Cline Skills Documentation](https://docs.cline.bot/features/skills)
- [CodeBuddy Skills Documentation](https://www.codebuddy.ai/docs/ide/Features/Skills)
- [Codex Skills Documentation](https://developers.openai.com/codex/skills)
- [Command Code Skills Documentation](https://commandcode.ai/docs/skills)
- [Crush Skills Documentation](https://github.com/charmbracelet/crush?tab=readme-ov-file#agent-skills)
- [Cursor Skills Documentation](https://cursor.com/docs/context/skills)
- [Gemini CLI Skills Documentation](https://geminicli.com/docs/cli/skills/)
- [GitHub Copilot Agent Skills](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/concepts/agents/about-agent-skills)
- [Kimi Code CLI Skills Documentation](https://moonshotai.github.io/kimi-cli/en/customization/skills.html)
- [Kiro CLI Skills Documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/cli/custom-agents/configuration-reference/#skill-resources)
- [Kode Skills Documentation](https://github.com/shareAI-lab/kode/blob/main/docs/skills.md)
- [OpenCode Skills Documentation](https://opencode.ai/docs/skills)
- [Qwen Code Skills Documentation](https://qwenlm.github.io/qwen-code-docs/en/users/features/skills/)
- [OpenHands Skills Documentation](https://docs.openhands.ai/modules/usage/how-to/using-skills)
- [Pi Skills Documentation](https://github.com/badlogic/pi-mono/blob/main/packages/coding-agent/docs/skills.md)
- [Qoder Skills Documentation](https://docs.qoder.com/cli/Skills)
- [Replit Skills Documentation](https://docs.replit.com/replitai/skills)
- [Roo Code Skills Documentation](https://docs.roocode.com/features/skills)
- [Trae Skills Documentation](https://docs.trae.ai/ide/skills)
- [Vercel Agent Skills Repository](https://github.com/vercel-labs/agent-skills)

## License

MIT
